you are a massive cunt.
your mother was a hamster, and your father smelled of elderberries.
your mother is so fat, she has her own zipcode.
you are a whore.
you are a bitch.
you are sc2 wood leaguer.
you are worse than bronze league.
you feed in DOTA.
you are fat.
you are shit at videogames.
you are a bastard.
you are a whiny cunt.
you are a massive dick.
you are an enormous tool.
you are not worth talking about.
you will not be remembered.
your grave will be pissed on.
you are a gigantic noob.
not even your mother loves you.
you deserve to die.
you will die cold and alone.
the only person at your funeral will be the funeral home's janitor.
not even your mother cares about you.
you are so stupid you got outwitted by a tree.
you are a disgrace to humanity.
you are afraid of the dark.
you scream like a little girl.
you have bad taste in clothes.
you will never be attractive.
your life is unfulfilling and shallow.
nobody would notice if you disappeared.
in later years, people will celebrate your death.
you don't deserve internet.
children in Africa have it better than you do.
your coworkers hate you.
anybody who meets you immediately gets an urge to punch you in your face.
you like penis in your orifice.
if you ever get a pet German Shepherd, he hopes they catch you skullfucking it in a gay bar.
you will never live in a nice house.
nobody gives a fuck about your opinions.
nobody cares even a little about your life goals.
you are a horrible lay.
it's wearisome to imagine someone with more problems than you.
you are a grotesquely disgusting cum sponge.
you deserve to get a repulsive case of syphilis.
an ape pissed on your mom.
your stupidity is simply legendary.
you are a loathsome person.
you are worse than waking up in the afternoon to your spouse giving a blowjob to a congressman.
you are a cuntrag.
the only sex you get is from hobos.
the only fucking you get is from your anime body pillow.
you are one disgusting poo sniffer.
you have no friends.
a sloppy jizz drinking Canadian will fuck you to death with a pistol.
your senselessness is simply overwhelming.
you are a heinous, yeasty, cum-drenched, ridiculous grandma-sucking huge bitch-drilling shitass. (Bot note: :[ )
